chore(babel-preset): create readme with basic docs (#5127)
nuxt/nuxt: packages/babel-preset-app/README.md

# `@nuxt/babel-preset-app`

> ## Default babel preset for nuxt

Reviewer: Two headings directly underneath don't look decent IMO. Maybe

```suggestion
> Default babel preset for nuxt
```

## Usage

> This is the default preset used by Nuxt, which is mainly a wrapper around  '@babel/preset-env' preset. It also optionally uses preset `@vue/babel-preset-jsx`, plugins `@babel/plugin-syntax-dynamic-import`, `@babel/plugin-proposal-decorators`, `@babel/plugin-proposal-class-properties`, `@babel/plugin-transform-runtime`  and adds polyfills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the default preset used by Nuxt, which is mainly a wrapper around the `@babel/preset-env` preset. It also optionally uses the `@vue/babel-preset-jsx` preset as well as `@babel/plugin-syntax-dynamic-import`, `@babel/plugin-proposal-decorators`, `@babel/plugin-proposal-class-properties`, `@babel/plugin-transform-runtime`. Furthermore the preset is adding polyfills.
```

> No additional configuration usually required. But there is an option to fine tune it's behavior if needed. Just add the following to nuxt-config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, no additional configuration is required. If needed though, there is an option to fine-tune the preset's behavior. Just add the following to `nuxt.config.js`:
```

```js
    babel: {
      presets({ isServer }) {
        return [
          [
            "@nuxt/babel-preset-app", options            
          ]
        ]
      }
    }
```    

> where `options` is an object with paramaters of following type

Reviewer 2: *parameters

Author: thanks

> where `options` is an object with parameters of following type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...where `options` is an object with parameters, for example:
```

```
 const options = {

>       useBuiltIns: "entry"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  useBuiltIns: "entry"
```

>       }

Reviewer: Unformatted indents
```suggestion
}
```

```

> Below is the list of all available parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a list of all available parameters:
```

### Options

> * **buildTarget** passed by builder, either `"server"` or `"client"`

Reviewer: Should we actually list it here if it's for internal usage only anyway?

```suggestion
* **buildTarget** - passed in through the Builder, either `"server"` or `"client"`
```

> * **configPath** - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#configpath)' parameter

Reviewer: Please use this format where applicable:

```suggestion
* **configPath** - [`@babel/preset-env` parameter](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#configpath)
```

* **forceAllTransforms** - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#forcealltransforms)' parameter
* **debug**, default  `false` - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#debug)' parameter
* **decoratorsBeforeExport**
* **decoratorsLegacy**, default true
* **exclude** - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#exclude)' parameter
* **ignoreBrowserslistConfig**, defaults to value of `modern` - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#ignorebrowserslistconfig)' parameter
* **include** - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#include)' parameter
* **jsx**, default truish, can be a an object passed as params to [@vue/babel-preset-jsx`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vue/babel-preset-jsx)
* **loose**, default `false` - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#loose)' parameter and also sets `loose=true` for `@babel/plugin-proposal-class-properties`
* **modern** passed by builder, either `true` or `false`
* **modules**, default `false` - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#modules)' parameter

> * **polyfills**, default `['es6.array.iterator','es6.promise','es7.promise.finally']`, more [here](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **polyfills**, default `['es6.array.iterator','es6.promise','es7.promise.finally']`, more [in the corresponding repository](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js)
```

* **shippedProposals** - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#shippedproposals)' parameter
* **spec** - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#spec)' parameter
* **targets** - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#targets)' parameter
* **useBuiltIns**, default `"usage"` - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#usebuiltins)' parameter

> [Here](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#options) is a detailed docs for '@babel/preset-env' parameters

Reviewer: Not accessible :frowning: 

Never use [Here](...) as link.
```suggestion
There are [detailed docs](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#options) for the parameters of '@babel/preset-env'.
```

Author: good point

### Example 1. Change targets for server and client respectively
```js

>   babel: {

Reviewer: Wrong indentation

Author: It's "prettier" in action
